29~According to the map, we've only gone 4 inches.
Activate the Omega-13!
All questions must be submitted in writing.
A man's relationship with the Devil is a very private affair.
And after the spankings, the oral sex!
And this is what we in the Royal Navy refer to as a lie.
Are we black? Yes, we are. Then we're awake, but we're very puzzled.
Are we dead, or is this Ohio?
Are we there yet?
Are you still trying to win?
Are you suggesting coconuts migrate?
As you wish.
At least I'm housebroken!
At least it wasn't a string of pussy jokes.
At the end of the day, Linux is not for people who can’t be bothered even to do the minimum. ~ Daniel Allington
Avoiding complexity reduces bugs. ~ Linus Torvalds
Better that I devote myself to studying the other great mystery of the universe...women.
Bite my shiny metal ass!
Blessed are the cheesemakers.
Blow it out your ass, Howard!
Boy, do I feel married today.
Breathing all the white man's air!
Bring out your dead!
By Grabthar's hammer, you shall be avenged.
By the way, I faked every orgasm.
Call Alice, I think she'll know.
Call the locksmith!
Calm your tits!
Can I feel your bosoms before I go?
Clowns to the left of me, jokers to right. Here I am, stuck in the middle with you.
Code is easy to write. ~ Linus Torvalds
Code naked.
Code never lies, comments sometimes do. ~ Ron Jeffries
Coed Naked Coding Team
Come with me if you want to live.
Contemplate this on the Tree of Woe.
Cookies, I can't wait to toss them.
Dave's not here, man.
Deleted code is debugged code. ~ Jeff Sickel
Did you get the memo?
Do I make you horny?
Do I still get to be the janitor?
Don’t blame me, I didn’t vote for the felon.
Don't cross the streams!
Don't forget the rubber sheets and the gerbils.
Don’t learn to code, learn to automate. ~ Erik Dietrich
Don't Panic!
Don't torture yourself, that's my job.
Don't touch that squirrel's nuts! It'll make him crazy.
Don't trust faith-based code. Always test it. ~ Luddite Geek
Do you ever hang around a gymnasium?
Do you have a moment to speak about our Lord and Savior, Linus Torvalds?
Drive me off this picture!
Dutch-Irish. My father was from Wales.
Either you're brainwashed or you're weird.
Elvis is not dead, he just went home.
England prevails!
Even in the future, nothing works!
Everybody's got something to hide except me and my monkey.
Every programmer is an author. ~ Sercan Leylek
Everything below the waist is kaput!
Everything's better with a bag of weed!
For a good time call 867-5309 and ask for Jenny.
Frankly, my dear, I don’t give a damn.
From time to time adult supervision is required.
Fuck you, the horse you rode in on, and the Colonel who sent you!
Funny, she doesn't look Druish.
Future events will affect you in the future.
Generally, you don't see that kind of behavior in a major appliance.
Get back, witch!
Get on with it!
Give him a big hand! He's British!
Give the governor a harumph! Watch your ass!
Go and boil your bottoms, sons of a silly person.
Go ask Alice, I think she'll know.
Good luck, we're all counting on you.
Good software, like wine, takes time. ~ Joel Spolsky
Hail Satan, and have a lovely afternoon.
Hamburgers, the cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast.
Happiness is when your code runs without errors.
Have you ever been in a Turkish prison?
Have you ever flashy thinged me?
Have you ever heard of Vietnam?
Have you ever seen a grown man naked?
Have you every tried going mad without power? It's boring and no one listens to you.
Have you masturbated today?
Have you rehabilitated yourself?
Have you tried turning if off and on again?
Help! I'm being repressed!
Hey, careful, man, there’s a beverage here!
Hey! It's Enrico Pallazzo!
Hey! Where are the white women at?
Hold on to your ass!
Honey, where are my pants?
How do you keep them on the farm once they've seen Karl Hungus?
How do you trust a man who wears suspenders and a belt? He doesn't even trust his own pants.
How shall we fuck off, oh Lord?
How's it hanging? Short, shriveled, and always to the right.
I am serious, and don't call me Shirley!
I am so frickin' pissed!
I am temporarily out of order. Please try again later.
I am the author. I out rank you.
I am your father's brother's nephew's cousin's former roommate.
I believe I requested the handjob.
I believe you'd get your ass kicked sayin' something like that, man.
I blow my nose at you!
I burst my nipples at you!
I can do anything I like, I'm eccentric.
I can do more than talk; I can pontificate.
I cannot self-terminate.
I can't believe I'm taking orders from a hamster.
I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
I can't even find my uterous.
I damn thee!
I'd go with you, but I don't want to.
I'd happily kill you for free.
I didn't know we had a king. I thought we were an autonomous collective.
I didn't see you playing with your dolls again.
I didn't spend six years in evil medical school to be called Mister.
I do believe you're talking out of your ass.
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them. ~ Isaac Asimov
I don't have the discipline to be a hippie.
I don't have to put up with this, I'm rich!
I don't want to repeat the 5th grade again.
I failed everything but the date of birth.
I fart in your general direction.
I feel emotionally constipated; I haven’t given a shit in days.
If I had someplace to go, I certainly wouldn't be in Cleve-land.
I find that answer vague and unconvincing.
If it works, don't touch it.
If my answers frighten you, then you should cease asking scary questions.
If possible, compute in the nude.
If software cannot be maintained, then it will be rewritten. ~ Dave Cheney
If they find out you've seen this your life will be worth less than a truckload of dead rats in a tampon factory.
If this was Heaven, everything wouldn't be covered with dust.
If you believe in yourself, you can be a big screwup.
If you enjoyed this, you're probably sadder than I first thought.
I got a plan, but you're not gonna like it.
I got your distress call and came as quickly as I wanted to.
I guess the foot's on the other hand now.
I had a lot of help from Jack Daniels.
I had the group liquidated. They were insolent.
I hate it when I get my Schwartz twisted!
I hate the Romans as much as anybody!
I have all the genitals.
I have a responsibility to the stockholders.
I have misplaced my pants.
I haven't been to a depraved orgy in such a long time.
I have one job on this lousy ship. It's stupid, but I'm going to do it!
I have seen shit that will turn you white!
I knew it! I'm surrounded by assholes.
I knew you'd be surprised!
I know about the prophecy. I made it up.
I know I’m going to get through it. It’s just, sometimes I get tired of going through it.
I'll be back.
I'll be in the Chamber of Understanding.
I'll bet she gives great helmet!
I’ll have what she's having.
I'll play my guitar at you.
I'm a 7-11 hot dog just rolling endlessly in a zen state of warmth.
I'm a band geek, I just never joined the band.
I made Linda Lovelace choke.
I'm a freshman in my fourth year at UCLA.
I'm a lumberjack and I'm okay.
I'm a man with no power. Does that make me a woman?
I'm a virgin, but I'm not very good at it.
I'm Brian! And so is my wife!
I'm doing everything I can, and stop calling me Shirley.
I'm getting better.
I'm going to beach you off!
I'm going to see if there's a pub!
I'm great at doing stuff.
I'm here to see my gynecologist.
I miss cocaine.
I miss the screaming.
I'm kicking my ass!
I’m limited by the technology of my time.
I'm not a homosexual, but I'm willing to learn.
I'm not dead!
I'm not wearing any pants. Film at 11.
I'm on a specific diet, no toxic waste.
I move for no man.
I'm pretty fucking far from okay.
I'm pretty sure I seized the wrong day!
I'm so fricking pissed!
I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that.
I'm sorry, I don't speak American.
I'm sorry that bug up your ass had to die.
I'm sure I'd feel much worse if I weren't under such heavy sedation.
I'm surrounded by the biggest idiots in the galaxy.
I'm terrified beyond the capacity for rational thought.
I'm touching myself tonight.
I'm trained to confidently stand here.
I'm useless without a studio audience.
I must have pressed the wrong button.
I'm waiting for Vizzini.
In a couple of days we'll be on the train to Hawaii.
In a hundred years, who's gonna care?
In an insane world, it's the most sane choice.
Inconceivable!
I need a vacation.
I never could get the hang of Thursdays.
I plead incompetence.
I remember being knocked out by their exuberance, their raw power, and their punctuality.
I remember the first time I got shot out of a cannon.
I should have finished college.
I smell like basement.
I soiled my armor, I was so scared.
I sometimes go by maiden name.
I still jerk off manually.
It always stops at one on the show.
It feels like electroshock therapy without the satisfying afterburn.
I think a man does what he can, until his destiny is revealed.
I think it's a sign from God, but don't quote me on that.
I think we can save the arm. Where would you like it sent?
I thought I was looking at my mother's old douche bag, but that`'s in Ohio.
It is never wrong to introduce a child to Linux. ~ Luddite Geek
It looks just like a Telefunken U-47.
It looks like I picked the wrong week to quit drinking.
It looks like I picked the wrong week to quit jerking off.
It looks like I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue.
It looks like the cows have come home to roost.
It might be dangerous, you go first.
I, too, am extranordinarily humble.
It's amazing how things can suddenly go from bad to a shit storm.
It's a sick and twisted book of holiness all right.
It's a waste of time to explain badly written code. ~ Linus Torvalds
It's good to be the king.
It's hard to hear you with that pity dick in your mouth.
It's hard to write good code. ~ Linus Torvalds
It's not a bug, it's an undocumented feature.
It's only a model.
It's the desperate reaction of a man drowning in his own failure.
It's the question that drives you.
It's the worst day of your life so far.
It was in danger of being crushed by a dwarf.
I unclog my nose in your direction, sons of a window-dresser.
I used to be in porn.
I used to be white.
I've been a fan ever since I could masturbate, not that they're related.
I've been exploited all my life.
I've been nervous lots of times.
I've got a bad feeling about this.
I've had better.
I've had worse.
I've just had an apostrophy!
I've never said this, but don't swallow.
I've quit better jobs than this.
I've seen worse.
I wave my private parts at your aunties!
I will go insane and I will take you with me!
Jim never vomits at home.
Jive-ass dude ain't got no brains, anyhow.
Just because you are a character doesn't mean you have character.
Leave that Welsh tart alone!
Let's go bowling.
Let's not bicker and argue about who killed who.
Let's not go to Camelot. It's a silly place.
Let's not start sucking each other's dicks just yet.
Let the Two Minute Hate commence!
Life's been good so far.
Like a blind man at at orgy, I have to feel things out.
Look at the bright side, at least we lost a church.
Look, it's my duty as a knight to sample as much peril as I can.
May the force be equal to mass times acceleration.
May the force be with you!
May the Schwartz be with you!
Mercury is in Gatorade.
Mike Hunt smells like fish!
Mike Litt shouldn't be hard to find.
Mischief managed.
Missing! All of my motivation to do anything remotely productive.
Mission accomplished, in a George W sort of way.
My brain just logged me out due to inactivity, and now I can't remember my password.
My hovercraft is full of eels.
My indifference is boundless.
My legs are grey. My ears are nulled. My eyes are old and bent.
My life coach just informed me I didn't make the team.
My name is Jim, but most people call me...Jim.
My name is Petey and I have gigantic balls!
My nipples explode with the light!
My penis shouldn't be lonely tonight.
Naked and defeated, just like I entered the world.
Never let a computer know you're in a hurry.
Never surrender! Never give up!
Never underestimate a man with a mustache.
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
Nobody leaves this place without singing the blues. ~ Albert Collins
Nobody withstands the machine.
No bugs were harmed in testing this code.
No disrespect intended, sir, but shove it up your arse.
No one has ever experienced a convenient failure. ~ JayzTwoCents
No pants, no problem.
Not bad for a duck from outer space.
Not being able to teleport is continuing to be a huge inconvenience for me.
No, they just got my mustache. But a life without a mustache ain't worth living.
Not right now. I have a meeting with the Bobs in a couple of minutes.
Nullifidian - non fractus, non perditus, non ovis.
Obviously you're not a golfer.
Of course it’s a good idea!
Oh, don't grovel. If there's one thing I can't stand, it's people groveling.
Oh, Lord, bless this thy hand grenade, that with it thou mayest blow thine enemies to tiny bits, in thy mercy.
Oh, no, not again!
Oh, shit! There goes he planet!
Oh! That's not right!
Or are we just jerking off?
Ow! That came out of my penis!
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain!
People die at the fair.
Piss on you! I'm working for Mel Brooks!
Please wait patiently for the failure of the system.
Programming isn’t about what you know; it’s about what you can figure out. ~ Chris Pine
Programming is the art of doing one thing at a time. ~ Michael Feathers
Remember what the doormouse said, "Feed your head."
Rest well, and dream of large women.
Rest your sphincters!
Romani ite domum
Save the tatas!
Scripting, it's not all rainbows and blowjobs. ~ Luddite Geek
Scripts are never finished, only abandoned. ~ Luddite Geek
Send lawyers, guns, and money... the shit has hit the fan!
She turned me into a newt! But I got better.
She was giving me a look I could feel in my hip pocket.
Shove it up your chocolate starfish!
Shut the fuck up, Donny!
Shut up, Meg!
Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it. ~ Alan Perlis
Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability. ~ Edsger Dijkstra
Six pints of bitter, and quickly please, the world's about to end.
So far, it's not blowing my skirt up.
Sometimes I go by my porn name.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
So simple, even an atheist could do it.
So the orgy's off?
So this is Hell. And there's a crucifix in it.
So we just went ahead and fixed the glitch.
So you're telling me there's a chance.
Stand naked and proud.
Sticking your tongue in the holiest of holies.
Strange things are afoot at the Circle K.
Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government.
Suck me sideways!
Taking it easy for all you sinners.
Talk is cheap. Show me the code. ~ Linus Torvalds
Task failed successfully.
Terrific race, the Romans, terrific.
Testing can show the presence of errors, but not their absence. ~ Edsger Dijkstra
That's just what Jesus said.
That's like your opinion, man.
That's the last time I drink and masturbate on top of a high wall.
That's what you get for calling Tech Support!
That was a hell of a thing!
That was my virgin alarm. It's set to go off before you do.
That wasn't very data driven of you.
The answer to your query is 42. Your issue has been marked resolved and is now closed.
The cosmic fish have spoken to me.
The Dude abides.
The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple. ~ Grady Booch
The goddam Germans got nothing to do with it!
The Monkees were a major influence on The Beatles.
The most secure code in the world is code which is never written. ~ Colin Percival
The numbers all go to 11. Look, right across the board, 11, 11, 11…
Then you are cast into the gorge of Eternal Peril!
The older I get, the less I feel the need to be included, understood, or accepted.
The power of Sudo compells you!
Therapeutically, there's no danger involved.
There are no accidents.
There are some who call me... Tim?
There is no charge for awesomeness, or attractiveness.
There is no coindidence. Only the illusion of coindidence.
There is no secret ingredient.
There is nothing more permanent than a temporary solution that works.
There is really nothing like a shorn scrotum. It's breathtaking, I suggest you try it.
There is sauerkraut in my liederhosen.
There must be a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull.
There's a little pee coming out of me right now.
There's a shortage of perfect breasts in this world. It would be a pity to damage yours.
There's definitely a slim chance we'll survive.
There's more to life than being really, really, really good looking.
There's nothing more pathetic than an aging hipster.
There will be blood tonight!
The rug really tied the room together.
These go to 11.
The servant waits while the master baits.
The time has come to rejoice and renounce your paltry gods!
They don't close Florida (but maybe they should).
They got my dick message!
They've gone to plaid!
They were forced to eat Robin's minstrels, and there was much rejoicing.
This aggression will not stand, man.
This could never work, like porn movies before sound.
This doesn't happen in America. Maybe Ohio, but not in America.
This episode was badly written!
This error should never occur.
This is not as easy as it looks.
This is not 'Nam. There are rules.
This is not Y3K compliant.
This is the apocalypse. Please exit the building in an orderly manner.
This is what happens when you fuck a stranger in the ass!
This makes my head sad.
This old man is all that's left, so stop wasting my time.
This one time at band camp...
This script was made from 100% recycled bits.
This will end in tears. I just know it.
Those responsible for sacking the people who have just been sacked have been sacked.
Time to nut up or shut up.
Tis but a scratch ... I've had worse. It's only a flesh wound.
To ensure on-going quality of service, your death may be monitored for training purposes. Thank you.
Torment me no longer!
To tell a family secret, my grandmother was Dutch.
To tell the truth, I don't give a shit.
Trust the Force.
Truth can only be found in one place: the code. ~ Robert C. Martin
Unfortunately, that train has sailed.
Wait until Biggus Dickus hears about this.
Wait. Where are you going? I was going to make Espresso.
Walt sent me.
Wanna make $14 the hard way?
Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor?
Was Wisconsin really that bad?
We apologize for the inconvenience.
We are currently experiencing higher than normal call volumes. Please wait on the line for the next available representative.
We at the FBI do not have a sense of humor that we're aware of.
We do not wash our pits in the pool of sacred tears.
We don't fabricate the news, that's the government's job.
We don't need any steenking badges!
We find the defendant incredibly guilty.
We gladly feast on those who would subdue us.
We have so much time and so little to do.
Well done, if you were trying to disappoint me.
Well, I guess it's time to indulge in some end-of-the-world debauchery. Who's up for an orgy?
Well, isn't that special?
Well, isn't that the fault of the voters?
Well, it worked on my machine.
Well, they were wrong, weren't they?
Well. you have to know these things when you're a king, you know.
We're all being played with.
We're all mad here.
We're awake, but we're very puzzled.
We're closed. The moose out front should have told you.
We're just technologically impaired.
We're putting new cover sheets on the TPS reports now. Didn't you get the memo?
We're putting the band back together.
We're working to keep your money.
We worship a dancing peanut!
What an eccentric performance.
Whatever it is, I hate it!
What have the Romans ever done for us?
What's so important that you interrupted my embalming?
What’s wrong with her? She’s beautiful. She’s rich. She’s got huge…tracts of land.
When in doubt, run nekid through the periwinkle!
When Kramer hears about this, the shit is going to hit the fan!
When Mr. Bigglesworth gets upset, people die.
When your code fails...just tag it v0.9.
Where are my pants?
Where did all the files go?
Who died and made you God?
Who does Number Two work for?
Whoever wrote this episode should die!
Who lit the fuse on your tampon?
Who put the sticks up their butts?
Whose balls do I have to fondle?
Whose reality? Your's or mine?
Who's up for an orgy?
Why am I sticky and naked? Did I miss something?
Why does everything I whip leave me?
Without data you're just another person with an opinion.
Wretched, isn't it?
Yes, it's true. This man has no dick.
Yo! Hold my poodle!
You are the sand in the swimsuit of this organization.
You are under arrest for crimes against science.
You bet your ass it works!
You can get anything you want at Alice's Restaurant.
You can't be anal retentive if you don't have an anus.
You can't buy love, but you can rent it for three minutes.
You can't fool me. I listen to public radio.
You can't trust code that you did not create yourself. ~ Ken Thompson
You cheesy lot of second hand electric donkey bottom biters.
You do a good hand job.
You don't expect me to do this sober?
You empty headed animal food trough wiper!
You have chosen wisely.
You have no respect for logic.
You have the right to sing the blues.
You just need to find a woman who is pathetic ... like you.
You'll find it in the Handbook for the Recently Diseased.
You'll probably get away with crucifixion...first offense.
You look like you need a blowjob and a shower.
You make a dead man cum!
You make me sad.
You mean, I'm going to stay this color?
Your computer is an extension of your mind. ~ Bread on Penquins
You're being very undude.
You're entering a world of pain.
You're making me beat up grass!
You're never too old ot learn Linux.
You're not wrong, you're just an asshole!
You're now on double secret probation.
You're so cute when you don't know what you're talking about.
You're so dark. Are you sure you're not from the DC universe?
You're very smart, shut up.
You're wasting your time, Shiny Jesus!
You're welcome, Canada!
Your helmet is so big.
Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberries!
You shouldn't have to do porn to feel appreciated.
You son of a motherless goat!
You still look like an ass to me.
You tiny-brained wipers of other people's bottoms!
You use your tongue prettier than a $20 whore.
You've got to be a man to wear tights.
